# Fake USA

This is a reference for things that don't exist, suitable for all your plausible fiction needs.
Currently, I've only done place names and radio/TV stations, but there's likely more to come as I get bored.

## Fake US Places

[Fake US Places by State](Fake%20US%20Places)

This is a list of plausible fake US places (cities, towns, villages), that do not exist in the states they're listed
under. They were generated by getting a list of all the place names that _are_ in the US
[from the USGS](https://www.usgs.gov/us-board-on-geographic-names/domestic-names) (specifically,
[this file](https://prd-tnm.s3.amazonaws.com/StagedProducts/GeographicNames/DomesticNames/DomesticNames_National_Text.zip)),
going state-by-state, and making a list of all the place names from everywhere _except that state_.

So, what you've got is a list of places that were good enough to be somewhere, but you won't find them in the states
listed here.

### Limits and Caveats

- Some names had character-encoding problems in the original files and I'm lazy, so a few fake names were omitted.
- The place-name list only covered _populated places_, so a name might collide with some abandoned crossroads that has
  a name because people used to live there.
- There was some "junk" in the list-- place names that were "1200-1400 block of Fake Street" and things like that. I took
  a bit of a crude approach to removing them by just eliminating any place that was more than one word but only occurred
  once in the list. That eliminated most of the junk, but it probably eliminated a few two-word oddball names too.

## Fake US Radio/TV Stations

[Fake Call Signs](Fake%20US%20TV%20and%20Radio%20Stations)

Along similar lines, I went to the FCC [at this page and all the other sections](https://www.fcc.gov/media/radio/am-query)
pulled down a list of all the call signs that _do_ exist, then cycled through every iteration of Kxxx and Wxxx to find
what wasn't in the list. [The script to do it is here](https://github.com/SuperFLEB/call_letters).

In that list, I also ran the list of everything against a word list of two-, three-, and four-letter words, to create
separate lists of call-signs that spelled out words.

### Limits and Caveats

- Some include crude or offensive words. Look yours up in a dictionary before you use it, just to be sure.
- I'm not even sure some of the "2-letter words" ones are actually words.

# License

I don't think I _can_ stop you from using this sort of factual data-- _Feist v. Rural_ and all-- but have at it.
The only legal thing I'll say is THIS INFORMATION IS PROVIDED "HALF-ASSED" AND "AS-IS", AND COMES WITH NO WARRANTY OF
ANY KIND, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED OR WRAPPED IN CRYPTIC RHYME OR DOUBLE ENTENDRE, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTY
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR ANY WARRANTY THAT THE FRONT WON'T FALL OFF.
I SURE AS HELL AM NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES THAT MAY RESULT FROM THE USE OF THIS INFORMATION, REGARDLESS OF
WHETHER I KNEW BETTER, DIDN'T KNOW BETTER, OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN BETTER. YOU'RE ON YOUR OWN, PAL.

